Now regarding the events,
we saw some events in action earlier in the course already,
and one of the most important events
you can add to your workflows as a trigger
is the push event.
And I will add this here again as well.
And this is how we added it thus far in the course.
Now, if you have a second event
that should also trigger this workflow,
you can wrap push in square brackets,
and for example, also add the workflow_dispatch event
so that we can also manually trigger this workflow.
So that's how we can add multiple events like this.
But this is all just a relatively simple way
of assigning events to the workflow.
Often you need a bit more control than that,
because right now, any push,
so any commit that's pushed to any branch
of this GitHub repository would trigger this workflow,
and it's not unreasonable to expect
that not all pushes to all branches
should trigger this workflow.
Instead, you might only want to trigger this workflow
when push targets the main branch,
because if we're pushing to some other branch
we maybe don't wanna execute this workflow,
because imagine that we're really
deploying the website here.
We don't wanna deploy the website
if we're pushing to some development branch.
We only wanna deploy if the main branch is targeted.
And it's things like that that can be controlled
with additional event related features
offered by GitHub Actions.